great to me Theresa and today I'm gonna
be doing the jimmy johns home I'm just
gonna do a whole of when I got on Jimmy
Jones the other day because you know me
I'm a full on jimmy johns lover so let's
just get right on into it I'm shavasana
mashallah is gonna be holding most of my
products and as you may have seen I am
in a different location today um I got
in my usual spot just because I am doing
something um so yeah let's just get
right on into this video so the first
thing that I got was i got four new
stickers for my iphone they look like
this
they say Jimmy Cliff i overshot love
comes in all shapes and same with geez
JJ's hearts you um let us mail your day
and want aproved jimmy johns the next
thing that I got at jimmy johns was this
sticker it's supposed to look like a
little bit of rustic and out there says
we deliver Jimmy Jones by the way this
video was not sponsored by jimmy johns
at all I just thought of jimmy johns
alright the next thing that I got at
jimmy johns once i got a vino which was
delicious so i got a veto they're my
favorite jimmy john's sandwich it was
delicious and yes
next thing that I got at jimmy johns
with a small drink it came in a little
plastic cups like this
oh my god is the next thing that I got
was this hair coke bottle it with the
lady Jays yeah just like that
Diet Coke mom
yep alright so um the next day I went to
jimmy johns and i got a ton of many
Jamie's which are adorable and a mini
Jimmy's are just like four inch
sandwiches I believe and they are
adorable and they come in this huge box
that's bigger than me all right shabana
was gonna show you this if the mini
jammies box the mini Jimmy box is now
dead mini all right subash inazuma off
the camera all right guys I'm over here
all right now shabaka nashua is gonna
hold out my mini Jimmy box that my
friends is my maybe Jimmy bombs that is
not that me
so that's great I can probably fit
inside of it if I have a picture i'm
going to insert it right here alright
guys that is it for my Jimmy John's hall
please leave a thumbs up so screwed if
you aren't already subscribe and I will
see you guys next Super Saturday with
Theresa pull the boy run